Tenant cluster labelling gsctl (#481)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/gsctl/show-cluster.md

Worker EC2 instance type:      m5.xlarge
CPU cores in workers:          28
RAM in worker nodes (GB):      26.5
Labels:                        usage=staging

>                                locked=false

Reviewer: I'd place the `Labels` row(s) under `Release version`. That way the size and resource group keeps at the end.

By the way, that example is for release version prior to v10.x.x (non node pools). For >10 it looks slightly different, as there is less worker node information.

RAM in worker nodes (GB):      26.5
```

> Example output for an AWS based cluster with release version 10.0.0 and above:

Author: ```suggestion
Example output for an AWS based cluster with release version {{% first_aws_nodepools_version %}} and above:
```

- **AWS account:** (_only on AWS_) If the cluster is running using non-default provider credentials, here we show the AWS account ID
- **Azure subscription:** (_only on Azure_) If the cluster is running using non-default provider credentials, here we show the subscription ID
- **Azure tenant:** (_only on Azure_) If the cluster is running using non-default provider credentials, here we show the tenant ID

> - **Labels** (_only on AWS_) user defined labels. Only available for clusters with node pools

Reviewer: Actually, only on AWS for clusters using releases >v10.x.x.

Also, `Only available for clusters with node pools` sounds a bit confusing. A v11.x.x cluster can have labels even without having a node pool.

- **AWS account:** (_only on AWS_) If the cluster is running using non-default provider credentials, here we show the AWS account ID
- **Azure subscription:** (_only on Azure_) If the cluster is running using non-default provider credentials, here we show the subscription ID
- **Azure tenant:** (_only on Azure_) If the cluster is running using non-default provider credentials, here we show the tenant ID

> - **Labels** (_only on AWS_) user defined labels. Only available for clusters with release version 10.0.0 and above on AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Labels** (_only on AWS_) user defined labels. Only available for clusters with release version {{% first_aws_nodepools_version %}} and above on AWS
```
